docs: add caution box to cluster config command (#670)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/partials/kubernetes/tls-update-note.adoc

> Enabling or disabling TLS for the RPC listener requires you to delete all Pods that run Redpanda. When you change the `rpc.tls.enabled` setting, or if it is not overridden and you change the global `tls.enabled` option, Redpanda does not automatically apply the change. To apply the change, you must delete all the Pods that run Redpanda.

Reviewer: I think I'd clarify this a bit more as "not automatically apply" isn't technically correct. How do you feel about:

Redpanda cannot safely apply this change as a RPC listener configurations must be homogenous. To fully rollout the change, all Redpanda Pods must be deleted at the same time such that they all start with the new, updated, RPC listener. This will result in temporary downtime of the cluster. `--force` may be used to speed up the rollout but may result in data loss as redpanda will not be given the opportunity to shutdown gracefully.

> Enabling or disabling TLS for the RPC listener requires you to delete all Pods that run Redpanda. When you change the `rpc.tls.enabled` setting, or if it is not overridden and you change the global `tls.enabled` option, Redpanda does not automatically apply the change. To apply the change, you must delete all the Pods that run Redpanda.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabling or disabling TLS for the RPC listener requires you to delete all Pods that run Redpanda. When you change the `rpc.tls.enabled` setting, or if it is not overridden and you change the global `tls.enabled` option, Redpanda cannot safely apply the change because RPC listener configurations must be the same across all brokers. To apply the change, all Redpanda Pods must be deleted simultaneously so that they all start with the updated RPC listener. This action results in temporary downtime of the cluster.

Although you can use the `--force` option to speed up the rollout, it may result in data loss as Redpanda will not be given time to shut down gracefully.
```

Reviewer 2: @chrisseto how about this?

[,bash]
----

> kubectl delete pod -l app=redpanda --namespace <namespace> --force

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl delete pod -l app=redpanda --namespace <namespace>
```
